Update javascript-client.md (#20344)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/javascript-client.md

Typically, browsers load connections from the same domain as the requested page. However, there are occasions when a connection to another domain is required.

> > [!NOTE]
> > The client code will need to use a full url now instead of a partial url. Change `.withUrl("/chathub")` to `.withUrl("https:/myappurl/chathub")`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The client code must use an absolute URL instead of a relative URL. Change `.withUrl("/chathub")` to `.withUrl("https://myappurl/chathub")`.
```
